Docs/setup documentation (#23)
Indicio-tech/proxy-mediator: README.md

# Quickstart

Clone the Proxy Mediator and prepare a virtual environment:
```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/Indicio-tech/proxy-mediator.git
$ cd proxy-mediator
$ python3 -m venv env
$ source env/bin/activate
```

## To run the demo setup:
  - `docker-compose up --build`

## Services started by the above command:
- **Proxy**: The mediator inside the firewall which connects to the external mediator.
- **Agent**: The agent that is sending and receiving messages through the mediators.
- **Mediator-tunnel**: The tunnel through which the external mediator transfers information.
- **Reverse-proxy**: The service that redirects traffic from one endpoint to another.
- **Mediator**: The external mediator that connects to the internal mediator from outside of the firewall.
- **Setup**: Builds the context and sets the environment variables.

  - The MessageRetriever retrieves messages by opening a websocket connection and continuously polling for messages using a trust ping with `response_requested` set to false while the websocket connection is open.

# Setup

Steps to set up a connection to the mediators:
1. Retrieve the invitation from the external mediator

>     - Use the `acapy_client` to create an invitation request for the external mediator and return the invitation url.

Reviewer: Usage of the `acapy-client` library is also an implementation detail we ought to "hide." I would include the specific ACA-Py endpoints being called.

2. Receive the external mediator's invitation on the proxy mediator

>     - Using `AsyncClient`, make an HTTP post request to allow the proxy mediator to receive the invitation from the external mediator. (The Admin API offers the same functionality.) The proxy mediator and external mediator are now connected.

Reviewer: Same idea here; should probably include endpoints called and what needs to be included in the request. Usage of `AsyncClient` is an implementation detail.

3. Retrieve the invitation from the proxy mediator

>     - Using `AsyncClient`, make an HTTP get request to retrieve the invitation from the proxy mediator.

Reviewer: Same

4. Receive the proxy mediator's invitation on the agent
    - The proxy mediator and the agent are now connected.
5. Request mediation from the proxy mediator
    - The agent requests mediation from the proxy mediator. Proxy has now granted mediation to agent.
6. Set proxy as default mediator
    - The proxy mediator is now the default mediator for the agent.

> This setup is implemented in `docker/setup/main.py` and `int/tests/conftest.py`. These steps can be used directly or in your own setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup is implemented in `docker/setup/main.py` and `int/tests/conftest.py`. These scripts can be used directly or adapted to meet your needs.
```

![](assets/proxy-mediator-1.png)

# Goals 

- Create a functional mechanism for running cloud agents behind a firewall.
- The connected cloud agent treats the proxy mediator exactly as it would a
  normal mediator.
- Proxy mediator persists configuration across restarts.
- Proxy mediator is configured through command line arguments or environment
  variables.
- Package as container and python package.
- Simple and fast to implement.

# Non-Goals

- Create a full mediator solution.
- Implement an Admin API to control the proxy mediator (perhaps with the

>   exception of retrieving an invite as this is helpful in automating setup).

Reviewer: I think keeping these goals is valuable still.
